Updated steps to create classic sites. (#2650)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/create-site-collection.md

## Create a classic site
<a name="__toc323551189_1"> </a>

We recommend using the new site templates for all your new sites. However, if you need to create a site that uses a classic template, you can do so using the following steps:  
  

> 1. Sign in to SharePoint Admin Center (Would be at https://[tenant-name]-admin.sharepoint.com) as a SharePoint admin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the SharePoint admin center (at https://[tenant-name]-admin.sharepoint.com) as a SharePoint admin. 
```

> 2. In the left pane, select **Sites** \> **Active Sites**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left pane, select **Sites** > **Active Sites**. 
```

  
3. Select **Create**.
    
     ![The Create button on the Active sites page](media/create-site-button.png)
     
  

> 4. At the bottom of the panel, click **"Other options"**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. At the bottom of the panel, select**Other options**:
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7239963/112038959-d6da3500-8b19-11eb-8315-7f780ac46649.png)

> 5. From the template drop-down, select "More templates" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. From the template drop-down, select **More templates**. 
```
